ladies and gentlemen it has been quite
some time but here I am I'm back again
and we are going to be watching the
wonderful crisis versus deos I must say
it's very sunny outside right now in the
UK which is in itself quite
distracting but it's also causing some
secondary problems in terms of hair
fever so there might be the
odd going on hopefully I can catch some
with mute before it happens
anyway I've also got a lot of vibrating
going on hold on don't worry I've not
got a
vibrator okay let's get that on do not
disturb things are a little bit
Rusty but yeah we should be back into
some sort of regular schedule again now
with any luck I've got a bit of rest by
anyhow from the the whole training to be
a train driver thing can't believe quite
how intense that c was was not a lot of
complicated Concepts but just the sheer
volume of things that you need to
memorize is absolutely absurd in the
time frame that you're given but there
you go an investment for the
future we have double Guardians versus
double Scouts so pretty conventional
there obviously you want your banshees
on the attacks and you want your
Guardians to meet the
scouts this is a nice situation here far
to tie up the tax in melee while the
Guardians can get a little bit of pew
pew as they chase banshe is coming over
to intercept over here we've got the
Apothecary and he's basically doing the
same thing for the Guardians can he get
a
model no complete obviously just going
to be backing away there for the
Garrison which will protect them
reasonably all right so we got the
airport fighting alongside the TA which
is helpful but oh no he's a bit isolated
here with the Banshees coming in you got
guide on the Guardians buffing their
damage little bit of a line of sight
problem
though yeah just going to retreat
already in melee with the Banshees on
the tacks and healed already been used
so you don't want to stay in that fight
the Banshees are just going to start
proing specials and you're going to
bleed models and it's going to be a very
bad
time until you really start getting your
upgrades on your APO on your Scouts it's
a pretty bad match up initially because
the Guardians easily beat the scouts
one-on-one the faster is more relevant
than than the AO in combat and the
Banshees beat the attack
so not ideal
but they have us in terms of map control
you do have advantages of the Space
Marines he Scouts a 6.5 speed versus the
5.5 on the Guardians and of course ta
have that 50% extra cap speed as
well so we're going to see some Rangers
coming out as the First Choice here for
deos going for long rifles
immediately and a fast ASM Squad is
going to be the choice to cry long
rifles shouldn't be that effective
really against tactical Space Marines
because there is an airp here to keep
them healed up but they need to retreat
cuz banshees are already in meley with
them might lose this model yeah they
do felt like he was getting shot a lot
more that sucks because as you can see
cry only has one gen going for the fast
ASM it delays you gens and the problem
with that is that he now can't get the
additional gen down cuz he had to
reinforce his tack instead in
fact oh he's still
waiting cuz he's going for shotguns
first
okay not sure quite how necessary that
was oh that was
cool kind of baited the vanes into
thinking they were in a bad spot with
the shotguns they probably should have
stayed in and just forced this explosive
shot to be used by the scouts since the
scouts were so close anyway to the
Banshees but not a big deal deos gets
out without bleeding which is the most
important thing literally no model
losses yet in fact Scout here we shall
make
yeah this is pretty cool to see deos
hasn't actually lost literally any
models whatsoever cuz I was just
checking the XP on all the SM units and
you can see they've got
zero and uh K only lost one model as
well a tactical Space Marine but here we
go got our first major engagement we do
have the purification rights here here
comes the shotgun
blast Scout actually takes the heal
going to go into melee with the
Guardians here a little bit vulnerable
though still getting shot by the
Guardians on the other side you have a
plasma grenade as well but hard to hit
the uh the ASM with that now thanks to
the minimum range so instead going to
Fleet away as one would probably expect
and there you go the power of the Space
Marines when they blob up and they start
getting some upgrades pretty strong
didn't even use the purification rights
here because the heal went onto the
Scouts in the
end but having that option basically
means that you really don't want to go
into melee with the ASM your banshe is
UNS supplied and fast flamer as well
okay I I'm not sure about this he might
get a
gen he going in first with the ASM Force
off the Rangers but the presence of the
F here and the Banshees is going to deal
with these tacks yeah gets one G and
then got to retreat gu and the banshe is
trying to get a kill on one of the
models there but it should be all
righto gets a Decap on the power going
to have to retreat as well but that's
fine he's actually retreating alongside
the attack right now which is nice cuz
he's giving them the extra HP regen
whilst they're
retreating Scout sge arrives shuriken
coming up for deos quite late on that
shuriken gone for one battle equipment
prior to it and his aspect and the armor
of Fortune prior to the shuriken I don't
like the armor of Fortune prior to the
shuriken it's a very good War
gear but I think getting a Shen out
sooner would have been more
helpful as you can see there the ample
knock back potential of the Space
Marines negating the armor of Fortune
quite a bit but obviously in a big army
versus army situation you need to use
your knock back on the banshe not the
fcia so then that extra HP regen that
she gets 2.5 extra HP regen and the 150
extra Max HP starts becoming a lot more
valuable s in general the HP regen
armors are very good against Space
Marines because Space Marines have the
lowest damage in the
game and obviously hit Fe regen is the
same no matter who you figh him but if
the enemy is all about being tanky but
doing very little damage then having HP
regen is going to be extra effective but
here we go another very big engagement
here managed to slay one of the Rangers
ASM going in this time we've got fortune
on the Banshees which is going to help
but the Tactical Space Marines do want
to focus on the Banshees with their
flamer banshe one of the few melee
squads that doesn't have flame resist
and that's why the F here is going to
run in and tie up those attacks but yeah
look at that power of the AO Synergy
there with the Apothecary Scouts rushing
in getting the knock back on those
banshees even with the fortune those
banshees can't compete meley with the
Tactical Space Marine scout ASM combo
and once again we're going to see the
Tactical Space Marines going into o oh
that was risky guide once again on the
shurikens he was going for the grenade
with the scouts you seen the energy go
down he's about to throw it but got a
little bit too close
really and kind of screwed
himself ASM going to have the energy for
a jump soon just walking into melee
right now going to jump forward disrupt
the Banshees beautiful jump and a heal
for the ASM should be coming out
purification rights yep but he did stop
tying up the shuriken oh but he he moved
it anyway the beautiful thing is this is
just giving time for the Tactical Space
Marines to get their job done with the
flamer they're not going to be able to
finish off the Gen I even lose this
Marine for their
trouble and is that yeah the second
Scout of prry is fully upgraded as well
but going to lose a model and Retreat
maybe
to so quite a lot of attrition losing a
lot of map control as well
I'm not sure why the Banshees so far
down here but there was a secondary
Guardian capping up basically all this
side of the map the whole time so pretty
good situation really for deos going to
tier two
first chry still quite a lot of power
actually off I mean he has spent a crazy
amount in his tier one
here really high compared to deos
actually to the
enemy let's do some quick maths shall we
2 and 15 for the scouts and that's
without the infiltration now he's going
even getting that which is kind of weird
given Rangers but okay so uh 80 on the
the two
Scouts and then 45 125 on the ASM 15 on
the flamer we're now looking at 140 and
then we're looking at what 20
purification rights so 160 power there
expenditure for the Space Marines in
tier one it's pretty huge especially
when you consider that because he goes
for fast ASM these gens aren't becoming
full until a lot later than the point at
which the Eldar gets the gens full and
that is of course the reason for this
disparity in Tech cry now going tier two
deos already tier two with 70 power in
the bank probably just saving up for RL
expecting that he is a head and Tech if
you were behind in Tech you could go for
w spiders you could go for fire dragons
but yeah knowing that you're head and
Tech can go for the r FL cheeky little
Scout Ambush there not going to get the
white but does kill a couple of models
deter the Banshees with a purification
rights actually went for the fast XI
probably not that high priority of a
purchase though it probably means yeah
they can just turn around and beat the
crap out of those
ASM thanks to the durability and the
Damage that that EXA provides the
squad what did deos spend he spent 30
and he spent what's this 25 Fortune I
think
55 and then up to 80 with the aspect
which is 15
and then this is about 40 and then this
is 30 so yeah to be fair that's actually
not too far off but it is a little bit
less what's this come to about 145 150
versus the 160 the Space Marines but
like I said the difference is that the
Eldar get their gens up first anyway so
if they spent the same amount of power
the Eldar will still get to T two first
that is the disadvantage of the ASM
first build but gin's getting out traded
in the corner by the Tactical Space
Marines that's of course big benefit of
them ASM don't really want to be in
melee with the far Seer with Fortune not
really great for
them they're more about their disruption
they're not really high damage dealers
certainly when she drops guide on
herself that's not a good situation to
be in and we are going to see the r
flood coming out now for
deos c ending up floating a hell of a
lot of requisition
here curious to see what he goes for you
would expect if this was the old patch
you just drop down a s tactical Space
Marines here but you can't do that
anymore you can only do the St guard and
they do cost power not sure how much
power I guess that's what's coming in
right
now nice thing is it's supplemental
AV to deal with the rare FL with the
Vengeance
rounds opening up on the generators
doing some good damage of the Vengeance
rounds of the generators actually there
Scouts probably wanted to move away
putting some pressure on the VPS c a
little bit behind on the VPS we got
fights opening up over here we got the
blob
no Sergeant yet on the attacks leaving
them pretty vulnerable knowing this
shall none off here is problematic and
yeah banshe is kind of going into town
right now they're fighting tier one
Space Marines cuz the tier one Space
Marines haven't got their leaders and
Devastator is coming out so yeah last
Cannon going over to deal with the r
flood no sh amount of shuriken on the
rear flod yet just the wrist mounted one
not very good for its chasing DPS but
it's doing something this is not a good
spot for the scouts don't know why they
weren't trated and honestly they should
have gone to deal with that VP a long
time ago two models going down on these
Scouts RL has been baited into the last
Cannon which is a good
situation for cry rotates the stern
guard in very good timing actually and
now has a melter bomb coming on the way
this is a lot of Av potential to be fair
but whoa I was going to say why is he
turning
around no energy right now for the Mel
bomb what is it
30 oh they do get into Mele with the get
a bit of a mess up there from damos set
up a little bit too close not sure it
might be 40 energy for the Mel
bomb so it is it's 40 so he gets the
Melt bomb but the last Canon is a mile
away so he's not going to finish it off
oh he has Vengeance
rounds uh he could be tying this up with
guardians but he's not
yeah banshe is rotating to the St guard
and they shall none ofir is used angels
of death the 50% damage resistance but
nevertheless banshees are able to wipe
out the St
guard H I feel like that was a bad
engagement for damos for most of it and
then cry just completely threw it
committing way too hard with the St
guard there to kill RL which honestly
wasn't even doing that much cry is
really far behind MVPs is the problem I
think cuz he lost that one Scout Squad
his one Scout has been competing with
two Guardians which is not ideal and the
guardian over there now getting a
warlock in addition to the battle
equipment is going to be able to be even
what he killed it in the base with
another melt
bomb
damn not sure how that really happened
to be honest no blow will go un what the
[__] there were Guardians around to
repair it it should have had the 50%
damage resistance in the base brilliant
I I can't believe that I just missed
that
no stimulants for extra damage on the
Mel bomb yeah I really don't get
it I guess it really did get that low
but it shouldn't have got that low I
don't know why deos kept the the red
flood around it was kind of messing
around over here for ages it could have
just fought those ASM in melee and the
Banshees off fcia should have fleeted
into the St guard way before the
Guardians should have gone into melee
with the St guard way before strange but
at least Cry Lost the St guard as well
so kind of a bit of an even trade I
suppose losing the St guard losing the
ri Lord both players now as you can see
very
depleted resources both stuck in two the
main advantage here I'd say goes to deos
because of the VP situation pretty good
map for VPS as well yeah Ranger support
here with Kinetic pce is going to be
pretty brutal against those Scouts nice
little plasma grenade hitting the
sergeant as well redistributing a lot of
damage around there to the
scouts getting rid of them pretty
easily lead for cry losing those tier
two leaders on your Space Marine squads
is not
ideal got to keep them replaced though
they really are vital for these
engagements pretty scary situation there
potentially guided banshees in
retreating you've only got two models on
your tax anyway not
ideal problem here is this
shuriken no energy on the ASM to
actually deal with that
last Canon redundant as well now shoting
our vehicles
around gravity blade fair
enough yeah units just isolating one
another forcing one another off one by
one the El are one of our
points this is a little mistake from
deos really overc committing the
Banshees deep into the lines here just
going to get F off not really worth it
they could have just lighted around here
and kept demos sort of off the field now
the ASM are free to just marud down the
center a bit of a
wasted oh was a nice
attempt [__] up like but I like to see
the attempt of the plasma grenade into
the kinetic
pulse the alien probably would have been
worth a few chops on the Guardians as
well but
whatever how is cry going to deal with
this VP situation especially with the
fast here being very annoying like
that now she's got a 65 melee DPS melee
weapon as well pretty annoying indeed
Fortune cast on herself given a damage
resistance what a
painer no upgrades really on the AO here
probably does want
some wonder what the plan is has to be a
dreadn right he's already got the
resources to go tier three doesn't quite
have the requisition for the dreadn
deos going to freeze interesting as
well so you're going to have to get a
fire prism then to count with the dreadn
but the DPS of the fire prism is you
know not great you do sell the last
Cannon around and potentially melter
bombs the enemy one of our batt Brothers
I'm not sure tier three was such a great
choice but we'll
see obviously wasn't comfortable staying
in tier 2 given he'd already been there
and lost
a a r
l maybe fire dragons honestly would have
been a better shout they would have come
out ages ago and there's so few VPS left
to cry that maybe just investing a
little bit more into your tier two and
finishing it off there before the game
drags on would have been a good idea for
deos but we'll see you know I often say
it's better to go t three when you have
loads of VPS left and your opponent is
low it's just ELD T3 is kind of me
not too convinced by
it so we'll see what his choice is cu
indeed he is going to be dealing with a
dreadnut right now cry's getting so low
on the VPS man this is becoming quite
urgent for him less than 60 to 410 for
deos this is going to be incredible if
he can make a comeback from here surely
not so he sees the dreadnut and straight
away that's going to be a five prism to
count that just going to need to be
careful about melter bombs you know five
prism shouldn't really uh get threatened
by alasan and Dev they've got similar
range and the fire prism as long as it's
using its dispersed beam can guarantee
knock over the setup team
Shing but we'll
see if the fire prism gets snared by the
melter the dreadn can start chasing it
into melee and can cause problems cuz
fire prisms are very squishy it's going
to require some decent micro to say the
least cheap little Emperor's fist there
T's got to get out of there they're
going to be bleeding really cut for this
bleed where's the
heal no
heal really late on the heal there a
little bit of a micro mess
up yeah so I'm going to try and stand
play here chest off these Guardians
while the dreadn chest is off the other
but look at this fleeting
away and now the fire prison can unload
on the dreadnut The Dread is upgrading
to the multi
melter he trying to bait with the line
of sight blocker show what and now it's
going to rotate around charge into M
with a fire prism boom and there is a
melter bomb it's a dead
prism oh the eldri the eldrich to deter
it oh oh what is this oh wow and the
bright lamps onade from deos flanking
brightlands that is a beautiful eldrich
storm
very nicely done very nicely done really
quick thinking there from deos to drop
that light that eldrich storm where he
did perfectly positioned if the dreadnut
stepped on that it would have been
screwed it would have been immobilized
by the eldrich storm ha wire
effect but nothing's actually stopping
the last gun oh my god oh the fire prism
gets out with one more shot potentially
killing it there from the last Cannon
banshees should be able to turn around
no no he comes in he going to say should
be able to turn around and deal with the
ASM not at all bhe is actually getting
dealt with quite well right now shotgun
Scouts ta and aary in combat with them I
really wish Apothecary had an upgrade
what are these ASM
doing 21 HP Focus shot maybe can take it
out fire prism of course needs to rotate
around and deal with a Devastator right
now but it doesn't really matter you got
double Guardians there to repair I think
this is
GG let's see yeah
there's no
chance there's no chance he lost
basically all of his assets there cry
but that was a beautiful eldrich that
really saved deos that could have been a
tricky situation I mean he had plenty of
time still he was still 400 VPS but it
was a beautiful
thing it had he not had that eldrich
that would have been a dead prism for
sure snared by the the melter bomb the
melter dread would have gone into range
and ripped it pieces very
quickly really good quick Thinking by
the de M and then the the
Trap the pins attack with a bright Lance
on the rear awesome great to see yeah
tricky one I think it's hard you really
do want to and you it's not want to you
really need to commit to bashing the
Eldar as the Space Marines especially as
the Apothecary
but some of those bashes really just
ended up costing cry a lot more than
they got
him and that was a shame it definitely
held him back
losing the Scouts in tier one was huge
couldn't really compete with then the
double Guardians running around on map
control RI Lord obviously didn't achieve
too much with deos but didn't really
matter because he had the economic
Advantage there's potential that more
investment in t two things would have
been useful but it doesn't matter deos
won anyway quite convincingly in the end
with a 400 Victory position to the 19 of
cry that's going to be offing you Bo top
it this time I'm signing out
goodbye top it
out e
[Music]